Revise AAC templates for consistency and latest guidance (#48)
MicrosoftDocs/content-templates: templates/org/aac/aac-design-pattern.md

---
title: <Article Title in Title Casing>
description: <Align with the template instructions for this content type.>
author: <Contributor's GitHub user name>
ms.author: <Contributor's Microsoft alias>
ms.date: <Date of publish or last freshness pass, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
ms.topic: design-pattern
ms.service: azure-architecture-center
ms.subservice: design-pattern
products:
  - <Choose 1-5 products, as explained in the template instructions.>
  - <1-5 products>
  - <1-5 products>
azure.category:
  - <Choose at least one category, as explained in the template instructions.>
  - <There can be more than one category.>
---

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---
title: <Article Title in Title Casing> 
description: <A description that's 120-165 characters and ends with a period.>

> keywords: <Choose values as described in the template instructions>

Reviewer 2: These values and the pnp.pattern.categories values aren't in the instructions.

Reviewer 2: I would clarify "Design Pattern template instructions" here and in the pnp.pattern.categories field.

Author: @ckittel - I see only one article in the repo (last updated in 2022) that has pnp.series.title metadata. Should this metadata block be updated to align with the metadata pattern in aac-article-title-content.md?

Reviewer: Yeah, we do not use any of the `pnp.x` metadata fields anymore. Good catch. These should just follow the standard (non-yaml) header guidance, with the specifics being that this is a design-pattern|design-pattern

ms.date: <Date of publish or last freshness pass, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
ms.topic: design-pattern
ms.service: azure-architecture-center
ms.subservice: design-pattern
pnp.series.title: Cloud Design Patterns
pnp.pattern.categories: <Choose values as described in the template instructions>
---

# <!-- Article title in sentence casing -->

<!-- Add a brief introductory paragraph with no heading. -->

## Context and problem

> <!-- Provide a brief background on the pattern and the problem that the pattern addresses.-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Provide a brief background about the pattern and the problem that the pattern addresses.-->
```

## Solution

<!--
- Describe the solution you introduced in the previous section. 
- If there are multiple solutions, list them in order of complexity, starting with the simplest. 
- Explain how to choose the best solution. 
- Provide steps to implement the solution. 
- Include screenshots to guide the reader.
-->

> ## Issues and considerations

Reviewer 2: Can this be changed? The style guide says to use "problem" instead of "issue."
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/product-style-guide-msft-internal/a_z_names_terms/p/problem

Consider the following points as you decide how to implement this pattern:

<!-- Add a bulleted list of topics to consider before the solution is implemented. -->

## When to use this pattern

Use this pattern when:

<!--Add a bulleted-list of items that describe when this pattern is a good choice.-->

This pattern might not be suitable when:

<!--Add a bulleted-list of items that describe when this pattern isn't a good choice.-->

## Workload design

> An architect should evaluate how they can use <!--insert name of pattern here--> in their workload's design to address the goals and principles covered in the [Azure Well-Architected Framework pillars](/azure/well-architected/pillars). The following table provides guidance about how this pattern supports the goals of each pillar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should evaluate how you can use <!--insert name of pattern here--> in your workload's design to address the goals and principles covered in the [Azure Well-Architected Framework pillars](/azure/well-architected/pillars). The following table provides guidance about how this pattern supports the goals of each pillar.
```

<!--
- In the following table, include only the relevant rows. 
- Don't add information that's not part of the Well-Architected Framework pillars. 

> - Replace or remove the table's italicized content.

Reviewer 2: Can you replace the italicized content with commented-out text to match the other placeholders in this article?

Author: I tried; the commenting formatting doesn't seem to work inside a table, unfortunately.

Reviewer: I like this idea as well.

-->

| Pillar | How this pattern supports pillar goals |
| :----- | :------------------------------------- |

> | [Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist) design decisions help your workload become **resilient** to malfunction and ensure that it **recovers** to a fully functioning state after a failure occurs. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/reliability/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [RE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [RE:nn Relevant guide name]() |

Reviewer 2: Do we need to keep the boldface throughout the table?

What does the "nn" stand for? 

Maybe add "\<link>" in between the empty parentheses

The forward slashes aren't necessary. \<br> works

> | [Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist) design decisions help your workload become **resilient** to malfunction and ensure that it **recovers** to a fully functioning state after a failure occurs. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/reliability/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [RE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [RE:nn Relevant guide name]() |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist) design decisions help your workload become **resilient** to malfunctions and ensure that it **recovers** to a fully functioning state after a failure occurs. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/reliability/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [RE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [RE:nn Relevant guide name]() |
```

| [Operational Excellence](/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/checklist) helps deliver **workload quality** through **standardized processes** and team cohesion. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [OE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [OE:nn Relevant guide name]() |
| [Performance Efficiency](/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/checklist) helps your workload **efficiently meet demands** through optimizations in scaling, data, and code. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [PE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [PE:nn Relevant guide name]() |

> Consider any tradeoffs against the goals of the other pillars that this pattern might introduce.

Reviewer 2: According to Mirriam-Webster, "trade-off" is hyphenated as a noun and two words as a verb.
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trade-off

| [Operational Excellence](/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/checklist) helps deliver **workload quality** through **standardized processes** and team cohesion. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [OE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [OE:nn Relevant guide name]() |
| [Performance Efficiency](/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/checklist) helps your workload **efficiently meet demands** through optimizations in scaling, data, and code. | _Explain how this pattern supports the stated goal of the pillar. Ideally, this should use practically the same text as found on <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/design-patterns>.<br/><br/> - [PE:nm Relevant guide name]()<br/> - [PE:nn Relevant guide name]() |

> Consider any tradeoffs against the goals of the other pillars that this pattern might introduce.

Author: @ckittel - Line 65 is boilerplate that belongs in the live article, right? I wasn't sure whether it should be formatted as a template instruction instead.

Reviewer: That line is indeed boilerplate that goes into the article as live text.

---
title: <Article Title in Title Casing> 
description: <Align with the template instructions for this content type.>
keywords: <Align with the template instructions for this content type.>
ms.date: <Date of publish or last freshness pass, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
ms.topic: design-pattern
ms.service: azure-architecture-center
ms.subservice: design-pattern
pnp.series.title: Cloud Design Patterns

> pnp.pattern.categories: <Align with the template instructions for this content type.>

Author: @ckittel - Could you take another look at this metadata and let me know if you want me to make it more like the metadata for aac-architecture-guide-content.md?

Reviewer: Yes, and sorry I missed that on review.  This should just be basically the same as 'guide' -- only, with the pattern-specific values for `subservice` and `topic`

## Context and problem

<!-- Provide a brief background about the pattern and the problem that the pattern addresses.-->

## Solution

<!-- Describe the solution you introduced in the previous section. -->

## Problems and considerations

Consider the following points as you decide how to implement this pattern:

<!-- Add a bulleted list of topics to consider before the solution is implemented. -->

## When to use this pattern

Use this pattern when:

<!--Add a bulleted-list of items that describe when this pattern is a good choice.-->

This pattern might not be suitable when:

<!--Add a bulleted-list of items that describe when this pattern is not a good choice.-->

## Workload design

Evaluate how to use <!--insert name of pattern--> in a workload's design to address the goals and principles covered in the [Azure Well-Architected Framework pillars](/azure/well-architected/pillars). The following table provides guidance about how this pattern supports the goals of each pillar.

<!--
- In the following table, include only the relevant rows. 
- Don't add information that's not part of the Well-Architected Framework pillars. 

> - Replace or remove the table's italicized content.

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
title: <Article Title in Title Casing>
description: <Align with the template instructions for this content type.>
author: <Contributor's GitHub user name>
ms.author: <Contributor's Microsoft alias>
ms.date: <Date of publish or last freshness pass, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
ms.topic: design-pattern
ms.service: azure-architecture-center
ms.subservice: design-pattern
products:
  - <Choose 1-5 products, as explained in the template instructions.>
  - <1-5 products>
  - <1-5 products>

> categories:

Author: ```suggestion
azureCategories:
```

> categories:

Author: ```suggestion
azure.category:
```
